specify party name is required (#112)
GSA/automate.fedramp.gov: content/documentation/general-concepts/oscal-metadata.md

Contact details, such as an individual's email address and phone
number, or a business web site may be included and are often required

> within FedRAMP artifacts. All parties require `name` field. 

Reviewer: Very minor nit, but I approve.

```suggestion
within FedRAMP artifacts. All parties require a `name` field. 
```

number, or a business web site may be included and are often required
within FedRAMP artifacts. A `short-name` field provides an ability to
define an organization's acronym or desired abbreviation. This is

> required for the CSP, assessor, and any Agency, while `name` field 
> is required for all parties.

Reviewer: I would slightly adjust this, but thanks for adding the documentation and missing the constraint gap.

```suggestion
required for the CSP, assessor, and any Agency. A party's `name` field 
is required for all parties.
```
